since I showed you the bottom of the
body fold or I might as well show you
the top two of just in case you needed
some help with that okay you'll notice
this one's got a wheel on it and that's
the one that goes closest to the door
jamb when you're closing the door okay
and that's on a spring and see this one
here doesn't have that and if you'll
notice the very end of that rod is
smaller than the rest of not pushing up
and down too so on the top of your
bifold door opening there's a bracket up
there the rail and you've got to put
this little section just from here to
there in to that edge symbol s goes
around there that pops into the opening
up there so you're installing your
pocket door back into the opening make
sure that clicks in there because if it
doesn't you're not it's not going to be
adjusted properly and then you may have
problems with the door later thing is
it's done because this will fit up there
in the rail you're not careful it may
not fit exactly in the hole you're
trying to fit everything else up in
there and then the door must come
crashing down on your head or something
because the whole doors falling over
because this wasn't in that hole okay
that's how that works here's the top of
your bifold door there's that top rail
that track and see this little goodie
that's at the end and that's a slide see
this hole right there that's where the
that's where that top edge snaps into
that little hole and you think okay well
what happens it is not if it's not close
enough to this wall or it needs to go
away from this wall move it this way how
do
do that well you wanna do this screw
right here to Philips head screw usually
and you just take your you know once you
have the door up in place you can kind
of squeeze back in here behind it undo
that screw and you can slide this closer
to the wall or you can slide it away
from the wall that way and then tighten
that back up and then open the door
close the door open it check it and then
okay it's got a little bit closer to
this wall here so you undo that and just
move it over and hold on to it and just
slightly move it and then tighten it up
and then check it again once you get it
done just right then really cinch that
up you know just a hair just a little
and turn and get it up there nice and
tight okay so that's how you adjust the
top like I said once you get this
adjusted where you want it and I know
it's right there I'm just going to cinch
that up it only turning it maybe yeah
lessons sixteenth of an inch there that
just kind of sets it up in there now I
know it's not going to move okay
you're not done how you do that